projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

# Whiteboard Writer
A team project for GNG1103 (Engineering Design). The AutoScribe uses strings and encoders to display whiteboard notes on Ross Video DashBoard. It also lets teams email their whiteboard to themselves.
# Hip Exoskeleton
A team project for uOttawa Bionics. The team is currently developing a 4-DOF hip-mounted exoskeleton to assist in the rehabilitation of stroke patients with reduced muscular strength.
![Exoskeleton Render](/images/bionics-render.png "Exoskeleton Render")
# Infant Resuscitation Manikin
A team project for the 2019 Biobuddy Design Competition. Our team designed the Resuscitation Infant Training Aid (RITA), a manikin that provides haptic, visual, and auditory feedback in order to enhance CPR training.
# Multicolour Pen
An individual project for MCG1100 (Introduction to Mechanical Engineering). SolidWorks was used to model an assembly of a multicolour pen.
# Lights Out
An individual project for ITI1121 (Introduction to Computing II). Using Java's Swing GUI, a functional game was built involving the game Lights Out, with buttons to reset the board, randomize the board, toggle the most efficient solution, and quits the application.
![Lights Out GUI](/images/lights-out.png "Lights Out GUI")

Commit message:

Add A Trebled Soul to project list

projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

# Whiteboard Writer
A team project for GNG1103 (Engineering Design). The AutoScribe uses strings and encoders to display whiteboard notes on Ross Video DashBoard. It also lets teams email their whiteboard to themselves.
# Hip Exoskeleton
A team project for uOttawa Bionics. The team is currently developing a 4-DOF hip-mounted exoskeleton to assist in the rehabilitation of stroke patients with reduced muscular strength.
![Exoskeleton Render](/images/bionics-render.png "Exoskeleton Render")
# Infant Resuscitation Manikin
A team project for the 2019 Biobuddy Design Competition. Our team designed the Resuscitation Infant Training Aid (RITA), a manikin that provides haptic, visual, and auditory feedback in order to enhance CPR training.
# Multicolour Pen
An individual project for MCG1100 (Introduction to Mechanical Engineering). SolidWorks was used to model an assembly of a multicolour pen.
# A Trebled Soul
A hack developed during uOttahack 2020. It takes your most recently liked songs on Spotify and shows its metrics for each one. It also doubles as a music player. Our team won the award for Best Domain Name. Check it out at [atrebledsoul.space](http://atrebledsoul.space).
![A Trebled Soul](/images/a-trebled-soul.png "A Trebled Soul")
# Lights Out
An individual project for ITI1121 (Introduction to Computing II). Using Java's Swing GUI, a functional game was built involving the game Lights Out, with buttons to reset the board, randomize the board, toggle the most efficient solution, and quits the application.
![Lights Out GUI](/images/lights-out.png "Lights Out GUI")
